TrendsTools

Description: This project provides access to trending data from various social media platforms and websites such as Twitter, Google Trends, YouTube, and X API for Free. It allows users to retrieve trending topics, hashtags, and other relevant data for analysis and visualization.
NO API KEYS NEEDED.

**Stars are Appriciated**

**Features:**
- Access trending data from Google Trends, YouTube, and X(Twitter) API.
- Retrieve trending topics, hashtags, and other relevant data.
- Analyze and visualize trending data for insights.
- Free Twitter API
- Free X API
- Free Google API
- Free Youtube API

**Usage:**

X(Twitter):

Get Free API For X(Twitter) Trending by Country

https://trendstools.net/json/twitter/algeria - Algeria
https://trendstools.net/json/twitter/argentina - Argentina
https://trendstools.net/json/twitter/australia - Australia
https://trendstools.net/json/twitter/austria - Austria
https://trendstools.net/json/twitter/bahrain - Bahrain
https://trendstools.net/json/twitter/belarus - Belarus
https://trendstools.net/json/twitter/belgium - Belgium
https://trendstools.net/json/twitter/brazil - Brazil
https://trendstools.net/json/twitter/canada - Canada
https://trendstools.net/json/twitter/chile - Chile
https://trendstools.net/json/twitter/colombia - Colombia
https://trendstools.net/json/twitter/denmark - Denmark
https://trendstools.net/json/twitter/dominican-republic - Dominican Republic
https://trendstools.net/json/twitter/ecuador - Ecuador
https://trendstools.net/json/twitter/egypt - Egypt
https://trendstools.net/json/twitter/france - France
https://trendstools.net/json/twitter/germany - Germany
https://trendstools.net/json/twitter/ghana - Ghana
https://trendstools.net/json/twitter/greece - Greece
https://trendstools.net/json/twitter/guatemala - Guatemala
https://trendstools.net/json/twitter/india - India
https://trendstools.net/json/twitter/indonesia - Indonesia
https://trendstools.net/json/twitter/ireland - Ireland
https://trendstools.net/json/twitter/israel - Israel
https://trendstools.net/json/twitter/italy - Italy
https://trendstools.net/json/twitter/japan - Japan
https://trendstools.net/json/twitter/jordan - Jordan
https://trendstools.net/json/twitter/kenya - Kenya
https://trendstools.net/json/twitter/korea - Korea
https://trendstools.net/json/twitter/kuwait - Kuwait
https://trendstools.net/json/twitter/latvia - Latvia
https://trendstools.net/json/twitter/lebanon - Lebanon
https://trendstools.net/json/twitter/malaysia - Malaysia
https://trendstools.net/json/twitter/mexico - Mexico
https://trendstools.net/json/twitter/netherlands - Netherlands
https://trendstools.net/json/twitter/new-zealand - New Zealand
https://trendstools.net/json/twitter/nigeria - Nigeria
https://trendstools.net/json/twitter/norway - Norway
https://trendstools.net/json/twitter/oman - Oman
https://trendstools.net/json/twitter/pakistan - Pakistan
https://trendstools.net/json/twitter/panama - Panama
https://trendstools.net/json/twitter/peru - Peru
https://trendstools.net/json/twitter/philippines - Philippines
https://trendstools.net/json/twitter/poland - Poland
https://trendstools.net/json/twitter/portugal - Portugal
https://trendstools.net/json/twitter/puerto-rico - Puerto Rico
https://trendstools.net/json/twitter/qatar - Qatar
https://trendstools.net/json/twitter/russia - Russia
https://trendstools.net/json/twitter/saudi-arabia - Saudi Arabia
https://trendstools.net/json/twitter/singapore - Singapore
https://trendstools.net/json/twitter/south-africa - South Africa
https://trendstools.net/json/twitter/spain - Spain
https://trendstools.net/json/twitter/sweden - Sweden
https://trendstools.net/json/twitter/switzerland - Switzerland
https://trendstools.net/json/twitter/thailand - Thailand
https://trendstools.net/json/twitter/turkey - Turkey
https://trendstools.net/json/twitter/ukraine - Ukraine
https://trendstools.net/json/twitter/united-arab-emirates - United Arab Emirates
https://trendstools.net/json/twitter/united-kingdom - United Kingdom
https://trendstools.net/json/twitter/united-states - United States
https://trendstools.net/json/twitter/venezuela - Venezuela
https://trendstools.net/json/twitter/vietnam - Vietnam

Google:
Get Free Google Trends Top Trending API with All Data By Country

https://trendstools.net/json/google/Algeria -  Algeria
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Argentina -  Argentina
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Australia -  Australia
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Austria -  Austria
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Azerbaijan -  Azerbaijan
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Bahrain -  Bahrain
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Bangladesh -  Bangladesh
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Belarus -  Belarus
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Belgium -  Belgium
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Bolivia -  Bolivia
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Bosnia-Herzegovina -  Bosnia Herzegovina
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Brazil -  Brazil
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Bulgaria -  Bulgaria
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Canada - Canada
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Chile - Chile
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Colombia -  Colombia
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Costa-Rica -  Costa Rica
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Croatia -  Croatia
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Cyprus - Cyprus
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Czech-Republic -  Czech Republic
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Denmark -  Denmark
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Dominican-Republic -  Dominican Republic
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Ecuador -  Ecuador
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Egypt - Egypt
https://trendstools.net/json/google/El-Salvador -  El Salvador
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Estonia -  Estonia
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Finland -  Finland
https://trendstools.net/json/google/France - France
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Georgia -  Georgia
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Germany -  Germany
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Ghana - Ghana
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Greece - Greece
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Guatemala -  Guatemala
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Honduras -  Honduras
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Hong-Kong -  Hong Kong
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Hungary -  Hungary
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Iceland -  Iceland
https://trendstools.net/json/google/India -  India
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Indonesia -  Indonesia
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Iraq - Iraq
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Ireland -  Ireland
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Israel - Israel
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Italy - Italy
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Jamaica -  Jamaica
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Japan - Japan
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Jordan - Jordan
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Kazakhstan -  Kazakhstan
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Kenya - Kenya
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Korea-South -  Korea South
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Kuwait - Kuwait
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Latvia - Latvia
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Lebanon -  Lebanon
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Libya - Libya
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Liechtenstein -  Liechtenstein
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Lithuania -  Lithuania
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Luxembourg -  Luxembourg
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Macedonia -  Macedonia
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Malaysia -  Malaysia
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Malta - Malta
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Mexico - Mexico
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Morocco -  Morocco
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Nepal - Nepal
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Netherlands-(Holland,-Europe) -  Netherlands (Holland,Europe)
https://trendstools.net/json/google/New-Zealand -  New Zealand
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Nicaragua -  Nicaragua
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Nigeria -  Nigeria
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Norway - Norway
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Oman - Oman
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Pakistan -  Pakistan
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Panama - Panama
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Papua-New-Guinea -  Papua New Guinea
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Paraguay -  Paraguay
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Peru - Peru
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Philippines -  Philippines
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Poland - Poland
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Portugal -  Portugal
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Puerto-Rico -  Puerto Rico
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Qatar - Qatar
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Republic-of-Montenegro -  Republic of Montenegro
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Republic-of-Serbia -  Republic of Serbia
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Romania -  Romania
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Russia - Russia
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Saudi-Arabia -  Saudi Arabia
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Senegal -  Senegal
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Singapore -  Singapore
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Slovakia -  Slovakia
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Slovenia -  Slovenia
https://trendstools.net/json/google/South-Africa -  South Africa
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Spain - Spain
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Sri-Lanka -  Sri Lanka
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Sweden - Sweden
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Switzerland -  Switzerland
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Taiwan - Taiwan
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Tanzania -  Tanzania
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Thailand -  Thailand
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Tunisia -  Tunisia
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Turkey - Turkey
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Uganda - Uganda
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Ukraine -  Ukraine
https://trendstools.net/json/google/United-Arab-Emirates -  United Arab Emirates
https://trendstools.net/json/google/United-Kingdom -  United Kingdom
https://trendstools.net/json/google/United-States-of-America -  United States of America
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Uruguay -  Uruguay
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Venezuela -  Venezuela
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Vietnam -  Vietnam
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Yemen -  Yemen
https://trendstools.net/json/google/Zimbabwe -  Zimbabwe

Youtube:
Get Youtube Trending Videos Free Youtube API with All Data By Country

https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Algeria - Algeria
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Argentina - Argentina
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Australia - Australia
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Austria - Austria
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Azerbaijan - Azerbaijan
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Bahrain - Bahrain
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Bangladesh - Bangladesh
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Belarus - Belarus
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Belgium - Belgium
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Bolivia - Bolivia
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Bosnia-Herzegovina - Bosnia Herzegovina
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Brazil - Brazil
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Bulgaria - Bulgaria
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Canada - Canada
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Chile - Chile
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Colombia - Colombia
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Costa-Rica - Costa Rica
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Croatia - Croatia
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Cyprus - Cyprus
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Czech-Republic - Czech Republic
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Denmark - Denmark
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Dominican-Republic - Dominican Republic
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Ecuador - Ecuador
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Egypt - Egypt
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/El-Salvador - El Salvador
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Estonia - Estonia
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Finland - Finland
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/France - France
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Georgia - Georgia
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Germany - Germany
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Ghana - Ghana
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Greece - Greece
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Guatemala - Guatemala
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Honduras - Honduras
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Hong-Kong - Hong Kong
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Hungary - Hungary
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Iceland - Iceland
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/India - India
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Indonesia - Indonesia
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Iraq - Iraq
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Ireland - Ireland
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Israel - Israel
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Italy - Italy
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Jamaica - Jamaica
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Japan - Japan
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Jordan - Jordan
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Kazakhstan - Kazakhstan
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Kenya - Kenya
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Korea-South - Korea South
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Kuwait - Kuwait
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Latvia - Latvia
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Lebanon - Lebanon
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Libya - Libya
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Liechtenstein - Liechtenstein
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Lithuania - Lithuania
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Luxembourg - Luxembourg
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Macedonia - Macedonia
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Malaysia - Malaysia
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Malta - Malta
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Mexico - Mexico
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Morocco - Morocco
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Nepal - Nepal
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Netherlands-(Holland,-Europe) - Netherlands (Holland,Europe)
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/New-Zealand - New Zealand
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Nicaragua - Nicaragua
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Nigeria - Nigeria
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Norway - Norway
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Oman - Oman
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Pakistan - Pakistan
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Panama - Panama
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Papua-New-Guinea - Papua New Guinea
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Paraguay - Paraguay
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Peru - Peru
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Philippines - Philippines
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Poland - Poland
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Portugal - Portugal
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Puerto-Rico - Puerto Rico
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Qatar - Qatar
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Republic-of-Montenegro - Republic of Montenegro
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Republic-of-Serbia - Republic of Serbia
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Romania - Romania
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Russia - Russia
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Saudi-Arabia - Saudi Arabia
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Senegal - Senegal
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Singapore - Singapore
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Slovakia - Slovakia
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Slovenia - Slovenia
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/South-Africa - South Africa
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Spain - Spain
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Sri-Lanka - Sri Lanka
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Sweden - Sweden
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Switzerland - Switzerland
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Taiwan - Taiwan
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Tanzania - Tanzania
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Thailand - Thailand
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Tunisia - Tunisia
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Turkey - Turkey
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Uganda - Uganda
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Ukraine - Ukraine
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/United-Arab-Emirates - United Arab Emirates
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/United-Kingdom - United Kingdom
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/United-States-of-America - United States of America
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Uruguay - Uruguay
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Venezuela - Venezuela
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Vietnam - Vietnam
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Yemen - Yemen
https://trendstools.net/json/youtube/Zimbabwe - Zimbabwe





**Contributing:**
- Contributions are welcome! Please fork the repository and submit a pull request with your changes.


**Contact:**
- For inquiries or support, please contact .

**Tags:**
#twitter-api #google-trends-api #youtube-trends-api #x-api #social-media #trending-data #analysis #visualization #python #javascript #nodejs #data-analysis #github

**Website:**
- [TrendsTools.net](https://trendstools.net)

**Note:**
- Provide links to documentation, license, and other relevant resources.
- Ensure the README is well-formatted and easy to understand for potential users and contributors.
